description = "Menu Placement  For the enablement process: The 'Biometric Enable' process should be available under the settings menu.For the login process:It should be on the login page.Customer  Mobile bank application has two logging-in options for their customers. Firstly, customers can log in with a username and password. Secondly, customers can use fingerprint or face-id. For using biometric features, the user's device should have at least one biometric feature, such as fingerprint or face-id. If the user's device has at least one of these features, the user can enable biometric login inside the mobile application. When the user initiates the biometric enablement process inside the application, the user should allow the application to use their biometric records, which can be found in the device itself. Also, the user should accept the terms and conditions for using this feature. During the enablement process, the user should set a 'PIN.' Later, this PIN information will be asked on the biometric login process. After the user completes the biometric enablement process, from now on, the user can use biometric login. Software System  The biometric login process should be started when the user opens the mobile application and clicks on the 'biometric login' button. The system should check whether the user has enabled the biometric login. Suppose biometric login is not enabled for that device. In that case, the system should display an error message that says, 'You need to enable biometric login if you'd like to login via biometric features.' If biometric login is enabled, then the biometric login process should start. First, the system should validate the biometric input, such as fingerprint or face-id. If validation fails, the process should immediately stop, and an error message should be displayed. If validation is successful, the system should ask for PIN information. When a user enters the wrong PIN information, the system should display an error message, but the flow should not stop. Users can try entering their PIN 3 times. If the user enters three wrong PINs, the biometric feature for that device should be disabled. If the user is validated with fingerprint or face-id, then PIN is successfully entered, then the user should be successfully logged in. On biometric logins, the system should store the biometric login counts, dates, and user information on the database. If desired, banking staff should be able to access this information via their platform. "