description = """
The goal of the class project is to implement an Internet-based, who-done-it-style game called Galaxy Sleuth. The game is Internet-based in that players can play each other from remote sites on the Internet. This application will, therefore, take on a client/server structure where each client supports one player's view of the game. In contrast, the server coordinates communication between players and orchestrates the sequence of events of the game.
The objective of player movement throughout the universe is to investigate specific planets to determine if that was the murder site. Part of the game, therefore, involves reaching suspicious locations quickly to investigate them. This element is primarily dictated by luck since the wheel's spin determines the speed at which a player reaches a destination. Players may also travel through a few strategically placed wormholes. The wormholes connect certain planets. The game's strategy is embodied in selecting questions to ask other players, selecting planet destinations, and efficiently deducing the correct murder scenario.
The game is an intergalactic murder mystery, which emulates a board game scenario in which players spin a wheel to determine a randomly selected number of moves by which they travel through space to various planets. The game's objective is to gather clues while traveling about the universe. Each player receives information concerning the murder, and no players receive the same information. As the players travel through the universe, they are permitted to ask questions about what information their fellow players possess. The questions form a hypothesis for the murder circumstance and perpetrator, which the remaining players are invited to disprove with their evidence. The murder hypothesis is communicated to all players. If a player can disprove the hypothesis, that information is communicated only to the inquiring player. Other players are informed that the hypothesis was refuted but need to be shown the piece of evidence that refuted the hypothesis. If the hypothesis cannot be denied, all players are informed of that fact. After gathering a certain set of clues and applying deductive reasoning, players may deduce the perpetrator and circumstance of the murder. The first player to accomplish this wins the game. If a player draws an incorrect conclusion, they lose the game.
To visit a planet, a player must enter the planet's atmosphere at one of the predefined entry points. Each planet has between one and three predefined atmospheric entry points. These entry points are graphically depicted on the game as a diagonal line off a square on the board leading into a planet's atmosphere. A player visits a planet by making legal moves on the board until a cell adjacent to an atmosphere entry point is reached. It costs the player a single move to enter the atmosphere from the adjacent cell. The player is considered to be on the planet as soon as the planet's atmosphere has been entered. The player can enter the planet's atmosphere in a different number of moves. A player whose token resides on one of four planets having wormhole connections to other planets may choose not to spin the spinner and take the wormhole directly to the other planet. The planets, Linuta and Verlute, have a wormhole connecting each other, as do Earth and Evilon. A player may not re-visit the same planet on a single turn.
A legal move consists of a player moving their token, the number of moves determined by the spinner, either horizontally or vertically, but not diagonally. The player may change directions multiple times but cannot enter the same cell twice during a single turn. Also, a player may not move into a cell occupied by another player's token.
A player wins the game by announcing their murder hypothesis, consisting of a planet, a perpetrator, and a murder weapon at any time during their turn, and having the server determine that the hypothesis is correct. The solution is then broadcast to all players. If an announced hypothesis is incorrect, the player loses the game and cannot pose hypotheses any longer or make moves on the board but must continue refuting the hypotheses of other players. When the correct hypothesis is announced, all players are informed of the circumstances of the murder.
"""