description = "The processes we want to describe are recording the product on the shelf, the customer collecting product, and payment after choosing items; in this part, we have two types of customers: Normal and Extra-customer.Before purchasing products from different continents, the supermarket puts on store according to or following on type of each product. They use physical inventory where every product purchased is recorded by using the form of stock. When the chief of the store wants to check the number on the store, they take all forms for each product and then count products to verify if the number written on the form matches the number of products stored.After purchasing a new product or getting the outcome from a supplier, those products are recorded in stock. For selling, Products are placed on the shelf of supermarkets. Others to the cold chamber (cheese, meat), checking the product's expiration date.All products are recorded according to the group of each product, the group of food products, the group of pastry/bakery, and meat products. After recording all products on stock and shelf and cold chamber, it is necessary to record on the cashier's machine where recordable depending on the group.When clients or customers enter the supermarket, see the product wanted in a different group of products, and some employees can help them or orient clients/customers by showing where products are placed. After choosing and selecting products, one can take a basket for storing goods; before going, check the price, expiration date, and ingredients, then go to the cashier. Arriving there, they deposit around him; the cashier takes one by one entering on machine according also on a group of the product when finished, gives us to the controller to make the product on free packing. When the cashier finishes those transactions, they calculate and show the client/customer on-screen of the machine and tell the customer total of money they can pay, and give an invoice when the customer or client needed.The delivery process begins when the customer first interacts with the service organization and ends when the delivery of the desired service is completed and the customer exits the process. At the supermarket, after getting the order from the chief of order, the bakery and pastry agent prepare the goods and quantities of the order. When finished, they package according to each category of product. Then the chief of order checks and counts if there is no mistake; when the number of orders written to the proforma invoice is well prepared, they give the order for put out before arriving to the customer. Some controllers check again to see if there is some product stolen. After those actions, customers get their order of items ordered; after delivery of that product, the stump and original of the proforma invoice are transferred to the office of the general director.After selecting the product and calculating the total money, the payment to the customer is made in the following ways:Cash: where the customer presents cash to the cashier or where the cashier receives money, and the customer gets an invoice. Cheques: where customers present checks to the cashier for extra-person, not every customer, for example, MINISANTE, CNLS, Rwanda Revenue Authority, and Top Tower Hotel"