description = "Romano's is the finest Italian restaurant in the city. Unless you are a celebrity or a good friend of Romano, you will need a reservation. A reservation is made for a specific time, date, and number of people. The reservation also captures the name and phone number of the person making the reservation. Each reservation is assigned a unique reservation number.There are two categories of reservations at Romano's: individual and banquet. Additional reservation information captured when an individual makes a reservation includes seating preference (inside or patio) and smoking preference (smoking or nonsmoking). Additional information captured for banquet reservations includes the group name and payment method.Seating at Romano's is limited. Romano's has a fixed number of tables. Each table is identified by a unique table number. Tables are further described by unique free-form descriptions such as 'located by the North window,' 'located in front of the fountain,' and 'by the kitchen door.'Each table is classified as a 2-person, 4-person, or 6-person table.When a reservation is made, Romano associates a specific table number(s) to the reservation. A table can be utilized many times over the evening by many reservations. Romano tends to overbook tables. Therefore, there can be overlapping table reservations.The management structure at Romano's is hierarchical. Several restaurant managers report to Romano. The managers are responsible for managing the head waiter and the chefs and ensuring guests have a pleasant dining experience. The head waiter is responsible for managing the waiters, bartenders, and bus personnel. The Chefs are responsible for managing the cooks and dishwashers.Each person working for Romano's must be classified as a manager, head waiter, waiter, bartender, chef, cook, bus person, or dishwasher. Additional information maintained by Romano's for each person includes the person's name, date of birth, and driver's license number.When the reservation party arrives at Romano's, the reservation is assigned to one waiter. A waiter can be assigned to many reservations during the evening'.The menu at Romano's is exquisite. There are many exciting and exotic items. A unique menu item number identifies each menu item.A menu item includes an item description of (e.g., 'chicken marsala,' 'fish soup,' 'endive salad,' '1988 Merlot wine', etc.) and item prep time.Romanos classify each menu item as 'apetizer,' 'main', 'dessert,' or 'beverage.'The price of each menu item can vary based on the time of day. For example, some menu items have different lunch and dinner prices. Some of the menu items change prices for happy hour.To calculate the check at the end of the dinner, the waiter maintains a list, by reservation number, of the menu items ordered and the time that the menu item was ordered. In other words, each reservation can be associated with many menu items, and a menu item can be associated with many reservations.In addition to menu items, Romano's maintains a list of the food items utilized by the restaurant, such as chicken, mushrooms, bread sticks, red sauce, cream sauce, etc. Food items are utilized in the preparation of menu items. A unique food item number identifies each food item.Additional information maintained by Romano's about food items includes a description of the food item and a purchase flag. A purchase flag indicates that the food item is purchased from a vendor rather than Prepared in-house.Many menu items can utilize a food item. A menu item can utilize many food items. For example, the menu item 'chicken lasagna dinner' is comprised of the food items 'chicken lasagna, Italian bread, and broccoli spears. The menu item 'fish soup' is comprised of the food items fish soup, crackers, and melon balls.Each food item is classified by one unit of measure. For example, olive oil is measured in tablespoons (tsp.), mozzarella cheese is measured in ounces (oz). The complete domain of unit of measure is each ounce, sheet, pound, gram, and dozen.Each food item can be comprised of many other items, and each can be used as an ingredient of other food items. For example, the food item chicken lasagna comprises chicken, mozzarella cheese, ricotta cheese, sheet pasta, tomatoes, and red sauce. Red sauce comprises the food items tomato sauce, olive oil and garlic, and white wine vinegar. Mozzarella cheese can be used as an ingredient in chicken lasagna, endive salad, and cheese pizza.The relationship between food items is identified by a combination of a parent food item number and the food item number used as an ingredient (child) of the parent food item. Additional information about the relationship between food items is the quantity of the child's food item used. For example, chicken lasagna and cheese pizza use mozzarella cheese as an ingredient (child). Chicken lasagna uses three oz. of mozzarella cheese, and cheese pizza uses 9 oz of mozzarella cheese."