description = "The Right-Way Rental Truck Company rents small moving trucks and trailers for local and one-way usage.  We have 347 rental offices across the western United States.  Our rental stock includes 5780 vehicles, including various trucks and trailers.  We must implement a system to track our rental agreements and vehicle assignments.Each rental office rents their vehicles in stock to customers ready to take possession of the vehicle.  We don't take reservations or speculate when the customer will return rented vehicles.  The central office oversees vehicle distribution and directs transfers of vehicles from one rental office to another.Each rental office has an official name like 'Littleton Right-Way.' Each office also has a unique three-digit office number.  We also keep each office's address.  Each office is a home office for some vehicles, and each vehicle is based on a single home office.Each vehicle has a vehicle id, registration state, and license plate registration number.  We have five different types of vehicles:  36 trucks, 24 trucks, 10 trucks, 8 covered trailers, and 6' open trailers.  Yes, we do have a vehicle type code.  For all our vehicles, we need to track their registration's last maintenance date and expiration date.  For our trucks, we need to know the current odometer reading, the gas tank capacity, and whether or not it has a working radio.  For long moves, customers prefer a radio.  We log the current mileage just before we rent a truck and then again when it is returned.Most of our rental agreements are for individual customers, but a rental agreement can either be for an individual or a company.  We do rent a small percentage of our trucks to companies.  We assign each company an identifying company number and track the company's name and address.  No, we don't need to worry about any additional information about the company.  Our corporate sales group handles all that information separately.We record the customer's name, home phone, address, driver's license state, number, and expiration date for each customer.  We like to keep track of all our customers.  If a customer damaged a vehicle, abandoned it, or didn't fully pay the bill, we tag the customer as a poor risk and won't rent to that customer again.We only allow a single individual or company for a given rental agreement, and we write a separate rental agreement for each vehicle.  Yes, we do have customers rent two or more vehicles at the same time.  Each rental agreement is identified by the originating rental office number and a rental agreement number.  We also need to track the rental date, the anticipated duration of the rental, the originating rental office, the drop-off rental office, the amount of the deposit paid, the quoted daily rental rate, and the quoted rate per mile.  Of course, for the trailers, there isn't a mileage charge.  No, we don't need to automate the financial side of our business, just our rental agreement tracking and vehicle assignment functions."