description = "Spy-Robot Game, Sichuan University. In this game, there will be a normal animated cutscene of about ten frames to show the beginning of this game. The player will control the character with basic controls specified at the beginning of the game or which will hover around on the screen—basically just four controls (Jump, move forward, move backward, duck). The robot will be running in the forward direction. The player controls when to jump and when to move forward or backward. 'Jump' actions to dodge the aliens on the ground and the empty spaces made by the bombs dropped by the spaceships. 'Move Forward' actions to let the robot move forward constantly and not fall off the edge of the left screen. 'Move backwards' actions let the robot move backward to dodge the incoming bombs that might fall right in front of it. After running for a certain distance or given time, the level will be cleared, and the robot will move on to the second phase to chase robots away or press the self-destruct button, which destroys the enemy base at the end of each level. After the first minute, the game gets more intense, with bombs raining down on our poor little robot and many mobs spawning to stop our little hero.When earth receives a threat that a nearby colony of aliens is about to launch an attack, it sends a small spy robot to check onto the closest enemy base out of many to check their weapon advances and preparations. The robot's main objective is to find and hack the system that can 'Disable' the 'weaponries', which can be found at the end of each level that can be attained after going a certain distance. Our army can walk through and defeat the base if the robot succeeds in its mission. But, When the robot's cover gets blown, the whole army chases our little robot to stop him from his mission. So, will our little hero be able to save our planet?Some of the difficult points that can arise are:The spawn rate for enemies will take a lot of work to control.Have to make it a bit more intense, which might make it too hard to play, and if made too easy, it will be too boring.It should be distance-based or time-based.The cutscenes will be hard to animate.It carries on the general genre of endless runners. So, wondering how well it can function."