description = "This document outlines the usage and implementation of the Bewell app. Scope The Bewell app is mainly for those who plan to lose or gain weight and require a planned medium. Requirement The application will be able to record exercises, repetitions, and the diet followed. The app will have a calendar layout where the user can click on a specific day to find all the events and diets scheduled for the day. Further, the activities will be monitored and recorded for the same date.The application can suggest videos and diets and schedule them on the calendar. The app will take the inputs from the user and suggest videos, diets, and schedules for the user. A database of the videos (can be from youtube) is created. The videos will be mapped based on user inputs, like what part of the body the user is focussed on. For a low-data device case, thumbnails from the video at regular intervals can be mapped instead of the videos. Further, diet is also planned similarly.The application will track the user's running activity and convert them into calories burnt. Running speed, calories burnt, the track ran, etc., will be monitored and recorded for the day in the calendar. The app will take the device's GPS location and track the user's running activity. This will work only with the user's internet, and the location is 'ON.' This helps in calculating the calories burnt by the user. For calculation, the time taken by the user and the distance traveled by the user will be considered.The application will track the user's running activity and convert them into calories burnt. Running speed, calories burnt, the track ran, etc., will be monitored and recorded for the day in the calendar. The app will take the device's GPS location and track the user's running activity. This will work only with the user's internet, and the location is 'ON.' This helps in calculating the calories burnt by the user. For calculation, the time taken by the user and the distance traveled by the user will be considered.The application will be able to work offline/in low-data mode. Since network availability is not available in many scenarios, the app will be working during offline and low data mode. For a low data mode, pictures from the videos at regular intervals will be provided instead of videos. Thus the information is conveyed with very less data consumption. Further, the app will store the data during offline mode and upload the same to the server whenever the device goes online."